I have got new kidneys! I do not like the color
I am a high functioning sociopath
We're running into a dead end, where I'll come up with a brilliant plan that basically involves not being in one.
Miss Hudson leave Baker street? England would fall!
Humans. Are not. Otters.
I didn't know you could read
It is called the Bootstrap paradox. Google it.
Have you gone bananas?
There is an escaped fish
I. Am. An idiot!
Shut up! Shut up! Shutity up up up!
Anderson, don't talk out loud. You lower the IQ of the whole street.
Miss Hudson took my skull
Dear God, what is it like in your funny little brains? It must be so boring!
Try not to start a war before I get home
Do not rob a bank without me
Oh, breathing. Breathing's boring.
Hello everyone. I'm Amy's Imaginary Friend!
Stop! We can't giggle, it's a crime scene.
We've got ourselves a serial killer. I love those. There's always something to look forward to.
Heroes don't exist, and if they did, I wouldn't be one of them
Ah, the wall had it coming
So, I return to my command after one week and discover we've been playing host to Cleopatra. Who's in Egypt. And dead.
John arrives home to find Sherlock shooting at a smiley on the wall
Is that a gun in your pocket or are you just pleased to see me?
Right, I have questions. But number one is this: what in the name of sanity have you got on your head?
There is a head in the fridge!
The graves around you eat people
A nice murder. That will cheer you up.
I am Scottish, I can complain about things now!
You sound the same, it's spreading. You all sound all English!
This is your power source and feeble though it is, I can use it to blow this whole room if I see one thing that I don't like. And that includes karaoke and mime, so take no chances.
I need clothes, that's what I need. And a big, long scarf. No, no, move on from that, it looked stupid.
Ah, no sausages. And there's no pictures, either. Do you have a children's menu? Any specials?
I hate being wrong in public, everybody forget that happened
So you've got a whole room for not being awake in?
Sorry, I was talking to the horse
Is this how time normally passes? Really slowly, in the right order?
What do you all have for brains, pudding?
I always hear 'punch me in the face' when you're speaking, but it's usually sub-text
Do you just carry on talking when I'm away?
Please don't feel obliged to tell me that was remarkable or amazing. John's expressed that thought in every possible variant available to the English language.
And exactly how many times did he fall out of the window?
We solve crimes, I blog about it, and he forgets his pants. So I wouldn't hold out to too much hope.
We are in Buckingham Palace, at the very heart of the British nation. Sherlock Holmes, put your trousers on!
That's not the end of the world, that's Miss Hudson
My only definite plan is that, in future, I'm definitely just using this screwdriver for screwing in screws
Crime in Progress. Please Disturb.
So if you have what you say you have, I will make you rich. If you don't, I'll make you into shoes.
No, Sherlock always replies, to everything. He's Mr. Punchline. He will outlive God trying to have the last word.
I dislike being outnumbered. It makes for too much stupid in the room.
You're not my boss, you're one of my hobbies
You'd starve to death trying to find the light switch
Don't be lasagna
If there's one thing I can't stand, it's a unpunctual alien attack
Well, they call me the Doctor. I don't know why. I call me the Doctor too. I still don't know why.
Sorry, wrong day to die
Yeah, it's just like being an organ donor, except you're alive and sort of... screaming.
I don't need a sword. Because I am the Doctor. And this is my spoon.
You're as pale as milk. It's the way with Scots, they're strangers to vegetables.
If I wanted poetry, I'd read John's emails to his girlfriends
Did we just break into a military base to investigate a rabbit?
Now shut up and smoke
Well, that's a few years of my life I'll be needing back
People don't need to be scared by a big gray-haired stick insect but here you are
Why do you have three mirrors? Why don't you just turn your head?
Phone Lestrade, tell him there's an escaped rabbit
I'll let you know next week's lottery numbers
I was hoping for minimalism, but I think I came out with magician
Don't be so pessimistic, it'll affect team morale
Basically, it's the eyebrows
My personal plan is that a thing will probably happen quite soon
We found these amazing worms!
Don't rob any banks without me
Hey look at me, I'm a target!
I want to kiss him to death
Why have you got two jackets? Is one of them faulty?
Apparently it's against the law to chin the Chief Superintendent
We met twice, five minutes in total. I pulled a gun. He tried to blow me up. I felt we had a special something.
Nobody can fake being such an annoying dick all the time
Tell me what you knew, Doctor, or I'll smack you so hard you'll regenerate
The moon is hatching!
One small thing for a thing. One enormous thing for a thingy-thing.
Don't let it get to you, I always feel like screaming when you walk into a room. In fact, so do most people.
Falling's just like flying except there's a more permanent destination
Hello. I'm so pleased to finally see you. I'm the Doctor and I will be your victim this evening. Are you my mummy?
A mystery shopper. Oh, great.
I could do with an extra pillow and I'm very disappointed with your breakfast bar and all the dying.
Now, shut up and give me some planets
Who knows? Some of you may even survive the trip.
We're not calling it a de-flattener!
I don't mean edible pie, I mean circular pi, which I also realise would be the edible pie, anyway
It takes quite a lack of imagination to beat psychic paper
Oh, please. Killing me, that's so two years ago.
Yes, well, there are some things that I've never seen, but that's usually because I've chosen not to see them.
Even my incredibly long life is too short for Les Miserables.
I died and turned into a Roman. It's very distracting.
Why are you asking me all the questions? Give someone else a go.
Well, anybody who wears a hat as stupid as this isn't in the habit of hanging around other people, is he?
Madam, can I suggest you look at this menu? It's, uh, completely identical.
Hello. How may I assist you with your death?
Cybermen don't just blow themselves up for no good reason, dear. They're not human.
I'm going to kill you in a moment
Imagine someone's going to get murdered at a wedding. Who exactly would you pick?
There's a horror movie called Alien? That's really offensive. No wonder everyone keeps invading you.
There's a skeleton man and a girl in a nightie!
We are just three passing perfectly ordinary roof people, doing some emergency roof things
Yeah, your mum and dad, one day a year, for no particular reason, just out of the blue, suddenly decide to give you a great big pile of presents
Well, that's a bit rude, coming from a magician
If either of you use my name again, I will remove your organs in alphabetical order. Any questions?
My back's playing up. It simply refuses to carry the weight of an entirely pointless stratum of society who contribute nothing of worth to the world and crush the hopes and dreams of working people.
I think I'm going to need a bigger flowchart
I'm an archaeologist from the future. I dug you up.
We're being threatened by a bag! By a head in a bag!
You are a time-space machine. You're a vehicle! I've never asked you to cheer me up with hologrammatic antlers!
Don't hush me. I'm not a hushing person.
I'm never sure. I don't like being sure about things. One minute you're sure, the next everybody turns into lizards and a piano falls on you.
What's that face? Are you thinking? Stop it. You're a man, it looks weird.
Cheer up, get a saw, I'll kill the lights, you kill the patient. I employed you. You agreed to this.
I was about to suggest that force-feeding might be required
It would be slightly awkward if the world was destroyed at this point
You know when grown-ups tell you everything's going to be fine, and you think they're probably lying to make you feel better?
Hello. I'm the Doctor. Basically. Run.
Box falls out of the sky, man falls out of a box, man eats fish custard! And look at you... just sitting there.
Are you stealing clothes now? Those clothes belong to people you know.
Blimey. Get a girlfriend, Jeff.
I'm the Doctor, I'm worse than everybody's aunt!
Did he just bring them back? Did he just save the world from aliens, and then bring all the aliens back again?
Do I just have a face that nobody listens to?
Dear Santa, thank you for the dolls and pencils and the fish. It's Easter now, so I hope I didn't wake you but... honest, it is an emergency. There's a crack in my wall.
I am the bloody queen, mate. Basically, I rule.
Oh, don't mind me, I never could resist a keep out sign
The eyes are not the windows of the soul, they are the doors. Beware what may enter them
It's a long story and I don't know most of it
There's a difference between dormant and patient
I hate good wizards in fairy tales; they always turn out to be him.
Funny how you can say something in your head and it sounds fine...
Am I thinking what I think I'm thinking?
I don't think that's such a good idea, do you? I'm a Timelord, you're a big fish... think of the children.
You owe Casanova a chicken?
Ice can burn. Sofas can read. It's a big universe.
You graffitied the oldest cliff face in the universe!
Never use force, you just embarrass yourself! Unless you're cross, in which case, always use force!
If we're going to die, let's die looking like a Peruvian folk band
I'd blush if I had a blood supply, or a real face
Ah, a poncho. The biggest crime against fashion since lederhosen.